hi guys Michael you bring you a quick
unboxing of the huawei talk a bit be one
so for those of you who don't know what
this is it's the first wearable from
Iowa and it's fitness tracker but it was
also a bluetooth headset so i'll show
you exactly how it works at exactly put
two of the packaging you can see the top
end at the front the left side just give
you some Bluetooth information some
information down the bottom of the front
on the right side you got some love
specs at one point four inch flexible
OLED display your white noise reduction
NFC standard USB charger ip57 water and
dust-resistant 14 days standby time that
sort of thing you have some size are you
here as well on the back you just got
some product information let's skip
straight to the unboxing party shall we
so there is a little plastic on the top
and on the bottom way slide out so here
we have the program itself so here you
have the 12 and p1 down sits very got
your on and off sort of lock button you
got your power and your radio button and
then you just got the rest of the wrist
strap so that just simply clicks in like
so that's aside for now we'll get the
rest of the box also got over package
and here
that houses fix that guards price
information and as well as these little
ebooks so what the lock button does here
is actually pops out the centerpiece
which becomes a bluetooth headset see
just simply pop that your ear you can
adjust the buds to fit your size at what
not and then you just have to simply
slide it back in when you're done so
take the plastic off here observe asleep
on so here you have the main display
which has Bluetooth indicator at a time
of a car battery percentage if you press
the power we get back more water you see
the current steps obviously we've just
our boxes unboxed it so so there's no
steps pushing it again you've got your
calorie count every game also is your
sleep tracker push it what's more return
to the home screen so it's really simple
really easy to use it pairs with both
Android and iOS devices or if you're
unsure about whether your device is
supported that isn't rigged that I'll
drop in the comment section that you can
check whether it works and also just
finally to charge your device what you
do is down the bottom here you just
simply peel that back and you've got USB
so you just plug them into any standard
USB port and away you go um it's really
discreetly hidden I really like it and
let the clip really easy there to close
which is good to stop like are some of
the other devices that are really really
hard so I'll definitely be using this
and I've got a Fitbit so i'll be
comparing that and also i'll compare it
with the gear too so thanks for watching
buzzed and stay tuned for the next video
choose